docsite/docs/setup/index.mdx, before:

# Setup Komodo Core

To run Komodo, you will need Docker. See [the docker install docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

### Deploy with Docker Compose

- [**Using MongoDB**](./mongo.mdx)
  - Lower CPU usage, Higher RAM usage.
  - Some systems [do not support running the latest MongoDB versions](https://github.com/moghtech/komodo/issues/59).
- [**Using FerretDB** (Postgres)](./ferretdb.mdx)
  - Lower RAM usage, Higher CPU usage.

:::info
**FerretDB v1** users:
There is an [**upgrade guide for FerretDB v2** available here](https://github.com/moghtech/komodo/blob/main/bin/cli/docs/copy-database.md#ferretdb-v2-update-guide).
:::

### First login

Core should now be accessible on the specified port and navigating to `http://<address>:<port>` will display the login page.
Enter your preferred admin username and password, and click **"Sign Up"**, _not_ "Log In", to create your admin user for Komodo.
Any additional users to create accounts will be disabled by default, and must be enabled by an admin.

### Https

Komodo Core only supports http, so a reverse proxy like [caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) should be used for https.

```mdx-code-block
import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';

<DocCardList />
```

Commit message:

remove claims about database resource usage.

docsite/docs/setup/index.mdx, after:

# Setup Komodo Core

To run Komodo, you will need Docker. See [the docker install docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

### Deploy with Docker Compose

- [**Using MongoDB**](./mongo.mdx)
- [**Using FerretDB** (Postgres)](./ferretdb.mdx)

:::info
Some systems [do not support running the latest MongoDB versions](https://github.com/moghtech/komodo/issues/59).
Users with these systems should use FerretDB instead.
:::

:::info
**FerretDB v1** users:
There is an [**upgrade guide for FerretDB v2** available here](https://github.com/moghtech/komodo/blob/main/bin/cli/docs/copy-database.md#ferretdb-v2-update-guide).
:::

### First login

Core should now be accessible on the specified port and navigating to `http://<address>:<port>` will display the login page.
Enter your preferred admin username and password, and click **"Sign Up"**, _not_ "Log In", to create your admin user for Komodo.
Any additional users to create accounts will be disabled by default, and must be enabled by an admin.

### Https

Komodo Core only supports http, so a reverse proxy like [caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) should be used for https.

```mdx-code-block
import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';

<DocCardList />
```
